the school inspectors have arrived to do
the judging their without bra growl with
the few resources to have the teachers
do their best of life and of the
classrooms even making their own
teaching or us in primary three it's
English with mrs. a g-body who come for
noun this word for me very good clavo
are the teachers are Martin all aspects
from punctuality to preparedness our
opening that I real because I've been
putting my vest before the awarding the
judge's decision is a difficult one bye
mrs. zucchini is happy with your work
thank you very much or do you want well
done mrs. a g-body will have to wait for
the community day to find out if she has
one at home she prepares for the next
day's lessons with each other always and
parts good knowledge Wharton's for the
poopies by the badge I will you know
even write lesson notes
at the school preparations are underway
for the big community day I use this
video so generally opposed to you our
guests and the well wishes or a
community to come to our age mrs.
zucchini has raised Christian Muslim and
traditional dancing it's abdul eyes big
moment his chance to read the news my
name is otherwise body love it that a
lot of new platform we are good in
yourself our decision the community
pledges its support i'm going to chicago
luckily there is a limited los 500 gross
the unit has promised 25
each person makes a contribution people
small asaji body is waiting nervously
for the teachers award to be announced
our digital this is I
cool
honey I receive a lot of delicious in
fact right now to classroom activity
before classes are edgy with what we got
me you've seen it's a final school term
the summer rains bring the children in
their carcasses there have been other
changes the community days attracted the
attention of the LGA they have sent a
team to take the school of Warhol none
that is clean better even more exciting
for abdullahi is the approaching into
how sports day as White House captain he
is drilling his team my boo boo why does
she knew well I imagine this is a gimme
and the school based management
committee have begun building for new
classrooms but they are facing new
problems moves back I know you are still
is betting our people that poor Mrs I
know if maybe I'm a lot of effort to get
in touch if just you receive just filled
out of there any creepy that promises
let me hopefully that's the show me
answers coyote has come to inspects the
progress the audience is that you just
retired I lift you so I her body parent
you carry your last and so what we are
doing I that we are lifting our half
maybe you at the end or deployed yet the
government we see the light on circuit
let us support them the rest of the
money is going to be used on teaching
aids and textbooks I believe so much in
tomorrow
so this a children they are the future
of this country
it's into house spots day the teams are
making the final preparations abdull
Eyes White House is ready for action
mrs. ogini will be doing the judging let
the games begin Abdullah II has come up
with a special move that here things
between the day
but there is one more race to me the
teachers words and finally the winners
of the apostille according to how sports
they are wait hours emerge the winner
well this is a guinea is willing the
battle to help her pupils know
for Abdullah it's his day and the future
looks bright
tomorrow at the same time on AIT the
combination of nigeria school is a live
national debate featuring key players
working in education this is a publix
chance to put their questions to the
decision makers